Update getting started charlists to use ~c (#1702)
elixir-lang/elixir-lang.github.com: getting-started/basic-types.markdown

** (ArgumentError) argument error
```

Sometimes you will create a list and it will return a quoted value preceded by `~c`. For example:

```elixir
iex> [11, 12, 13]
~c"\v\f\r"
iex> [104, 101, 108, 108, 111]
~c"hello"
```

> In Elixir < 1.15, this might be displayed as single quotes instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Elixir versions before v1.15, this might be displayed as single quotes instead:
```
